disable non_exhaustive if unstable_discord_api (#2789)
serenity-rs/serenity: README.md

- **default_native_tls**: Default features but using `native_tls_backend`
instead of `rustls_backend`.
- **tokio_task_builder**: Enables tokio's `tracing` feature and uses `tokio::task::Builder` to spawn tasks with names if `RUSTFLAGS="--cfg tokio_unstable"` is set.

> - **unstable**: Enables features of the Discord API that do not have a stable interface. The features might not have official documentation or are subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **unstable**: Enables features of the Serenity and Discord API that do not have a stable interface. The features might not have official documentation and are subject to change without a breaking version bump.
```
